add guidance for new minimum explainers (#18)
mozilla/explainers: README.md

This repo is for developing explainer files until ready for external feedback, 
or archival if we decide an explainer is no longer worth pursuing.

> For new minimum explainers (with sections 1-5 or fewer):
> * iterate promptly with one or more PRs to add sections up through 6 within 2-4 weeks of publishing your minimum explainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new minimum explainers (those missing any of sections 2 through 6),
we expect that those sections are added within 2-4 weeks of
publishing your minimum explainer, using pull requests.
```

A single bullet is a bit weird.  So maybe just use words.

Author: Yeah I was split on the single-bullet vs matching the style of the rest of the section. Let's go with your suggestion and see how it works in practice.
